                               Caves v4.0
                          by Christopher G. Busch
                     (C) 1995,1996 All Rights Reserved

Caves is a game written for the TI-85 calculator that uses ZShell to take
full advantage of the Z80 processor.  It utilizes full-way scrolling for
acrobatic jumping excitement.

Caves is composed of CENGINE and accompanying LVL programs.  LVL programs
define the story and CENGINE does the work of playing them out.

o Story:

Since the Caves system can have multiple LVL programs, the story can vary
from one LVL to the next.  However, this is the widest known story...

In Caves, you need to retrieve the artifact of wisdom from a deep secret
world.  At your disposal is your trusty pellet gun and your strong jumping
legs.

Beware, danger awaits you. The monsters will try to hurt you if they find
you.  And if they do not get you, the fire will burn you.

When you retrieve the artifact of wisdom, you will travel to another distant
land.  There your quest continues.

o Tips:

  . You can shoot monsters' bombs to get rid of them.
  . You can only carry one key at a time.  Use your the keys wisely!
  . You will be rewarded with extra health as your score increases.
  . Some bricks are shootable and may reveal secret passages.
  . See if you can find the high jumper device, pushing down on it
    makes you soar into the air!

o How to Play:

In Caves, you may use keys simultaneously. Because of the advanced keyboard
polling method used by CENGINE, only some buttons are possible.
Use [2nd] to shoot, [ALPHA] to jump, the arrows to move, and [EXIT] twice 
to quit.  To cheat press [F1] and then [cos].  When you cheat, your score 
is divided in half and your lives are set to 2.  To pause press [F1] the 
calc will shut off after 1 minute to save your batteries, to continue press
[ON].  [F1] then [MORE] will shut off the calc right away.

o History:
     v4.0: Caves now saves high scores and initials (although the LVLs
           must be compiled by cmklvl v4.0).

o Disclaimer:

In no event will the author be liable for any damages, including any lost
profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential loss or damages
arising out of the use or of the inability to use this program -- even if the
author has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  The author will
in no event be held liable for direct, indirect, or incidental damages
resulting from the omission of any part of this product, including this
document.  The author makes no warranties, either expressed or implied,
respecting the software, its quality, performance, merchantability, or
fitness for any particular purpose.

o Notice:

A limited license is granted to all users of this program, to make copies
of this program and distribute them to other users, on the following
conditions:

   1.  The program and associated files may not be distributed in a
       modified form.  This also includes from calculator to calculator.
   2.  No fees are to be collected from the distribution of the program
       without written permission from the author.

o How to Register:

You can register this version of this program in several ways.
The lowest numbered items are better ways to register.
    1.  Hire me for a computer science career.
    2.  Send me a postcard saying thank you.
    3.  Send me email saying thank you.

Be sure to register if you like this game.

o My Address:

Christopher Busch
1132 Woodland Trail
Northfield, MN 55057
email: cbusch@d.umn.edu

If that email address becomes stale, please send me a postcard.
As a last resort, you could send email to my father's account,
mbusch@mr.net.

Most of all, have fun!


