Star Trek LVLs
d5w@aegis.nitco.com

"StarTrek LVL"

Here are some of my levels, but instead of going back in time, these are in
the future, a mock- star trek. The walls are trek like, but the rest is
new. Try them out and e-mail me back. (d5w@mail.nitco.com)
BTW my homepage should be up in the next few weeks,
http://www.nitco.com/users/d5w/nick.htm


"EntrPrze LVL"  The story is this:

	Picard,(the pin thingy) and the Enterprize was attacked by evil 
androids created by Lore while the Enterprize was in orbit around a planet.  
The droids are mostly outside the ship, but a few got in. The transporters are 
down, and the rescue ship's transporters are down too.
Picard has only a phaser, a space suit, and his wits to get all the 
gold-pressed  latinum, and himself to the end of the warp nacell and exit  to 
the rescue ship.  
	Each level has a barrier to prevent you from "wrapping around"
to the other side of the level.
	Level 1's goal is to get outside the ship & to the shuttle. 
Unfortunatly, the only thing it will do is transport you into the rear saucer 
section (level 2). To get the key to the shuttle, you must go out the top of 
the ship, and get the key by "riding" the space debris.
	Level 2. There is a force-field protecting Engineering, and to get to 
the controls, you must once again leave the ship & "ride" the space debris. 
(If you're suddenly wondering why there is A. Gravity or B. top-to-bottom 
wrap-around A.) youre in a very low orbit and B.) Picard has a teather to 
swing all the way around the ship (ok, they're lame answers, but they're 
answers:)
	Level 3. Ride the debris, get the keys, and shut off the force fields 
sealing the warp nacells in half. 
	Level 4. The rear half of the warp nacells. Use the tether to "swing 
around" and get the key on the top of the nacell. Then drop to the right 
and enter the rescue ship. (if there are enimies in the rescue ship, I'm 
sorry, but I can't control where the enimies appear. 


That's it. tell me what ya think and/or upload it to wherever. 

Thanx a LOT! 
Nick.


This program requires at least Caves (CENGINE) v1.6 and ZShell to play.
