                               Scrolls v4.0
                          by Christopher G. Busch
                     (C) 1995,1996 All Rights Reserved

Scrolls is a game written for the TI-85 calculator that uses ZShell to take
full advantage of the Z80 processor.

Scrolls is composed of SENGINE and accompanying LVL programs.  LVL programs
define the story and SENGINE does the work of playing them out.

o Story:

Since the Scrolls system can have multiple LVL programs, the story can vary
from one LVL to the next.  However, this is the widest known story...

In Scrolls, you need to retrieve the scroll of wisdom from a bunch of tree
burnin' monsters who don't like you very much.  At your disposal is your
trusty sling shot and good supply of bombs.  You will need to master both
to survive!  But be careful of your own bombs, you can set them off too!

Beware, danger awaits you. The monsters will try to punch you if they find
you.  And if that doesnt get you, hopefully there fire will burn you.

When you retrieve the Scroll of wisdom, you will travel to another distant
land.  There your quest continues.

o Tips:

  . You can shoot your bombs, the fire, or the trees to get rid of them.
  . The world is very fertile, that is why trees grow everywhere.
  . You can only carry one key at a time.  Use your the keys wisely!
  . You will be rewarded with extra health as your score increases.
  . There are secret passages...


o How to Play:

Use [2nd] to fire your sling shot.  [2nd]+arrows at the same time will
fire in different directions.  Arrows to move.  [F1] then [Cos] will
half your score and set your lives to two. Use [Alpha] to set up a bomb
trap in front of you. [Alpha]+arrows will drop bombs in the direction
of the arrow key.  Press [Exit] twice to quit.  [F1] to pause (after
1 minute will shut off calc, then press ON to continue game).  [F1]
then [MORE] to shut off the calculator immediately, press ON to continue.

o History:
    v4.0: o Your high score is saved and you can enter your initials.
            Although, recompiled LVLs are necessary to utilize saving.
          o You can now use 2nd+arrows at the same time to fire in a
            certain direction.  This makes the aiming keys obsolete.
            Alpha+arrows works too.
          o New LVLs have the option of having random trees or not.

o Disclaimer:

In no event will the author be liable for any damages, including any lost
profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential loss or damages
arising out of the use or of the inability to use this program -- even if the
author has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  The author will
in no event be held liable for direct, indirect, or incidental damages
resulting from the omission of any part of this product, including this
document.  The author makes no warranties, either expressed or implied,
respecting the software, its quality, performance, merchantability, or
fitness for any particular purpose.

o Notice:

A limited license is granted to all users of this program, to make copies
of this program and distribute them to other users, on the following
conditions:

   1.  The program and associated files may not be distributed in a
       modified form.
   2.  No fees are to be collected from the distribution of the program
       without written permission from the author.

o How to Register:

You can register this version of this program in several ways.
The lowest numbered items are better ways to register.
    1.  Hire me for a computer science career.
    2.  Send me a postcard saying thank you.
    3.  Send me email saying thank you.

Be sure to email a letter if you like this game.

o My Address:

Christopher Busch
1132 Woodland Trail
Northfield, MN 55057
email: cbusch@d.umn.edu

If my email address is stale, please send me a postcard.
As a last resort, you could send email to my father's account,
mbusch@mr.net.

Most of all, have fun!



