                    smklvl - Scrolls LVL Compiler v4.0
                          by Christopher G. Busch
                       (c) 1996 All Rights Reserved

Scrolls Make Level (smklvl) is the level compiler for the game named Scrolls.

o History:
   v3.6: First line is now 42 character comment, up from 21.
   v4.0: Introduction of $T,$S,$A, and $P variables.
         Switch added to have random trees on or off, +R or -R. These are
         explained below.

o How to use:

SMklvl takes two arguments, an input file name and a output file name.  An
optional third option sets the title of the LVL program. The input file has
the following format.  The first line is a 42 character comment that will
be placed in the output file.  The second line is the number of levels in
the input file, it must be either 1,2,4, or 8.  The next 32 line blocks are
used to define a level.  Optionally contained in the file may be graphical
data.  Please see example.lvl for more details.

o Map Items:

Each level item is one of the charecters in the string
".PMmcsfFBStbDkW".  The meanings are as follows:
   .  blank spot
   P  a person
   M  a stationary monster
   m  another stationary monster
   c  gem/coin treasure
   s  scroll, need one per level
   f  fire
   F  a bomb
   B  stationary bullet/strange door
   S  a blood stain
   t  a tree
   b  a brick
   D  a door
   k  a key
   W  a shootable brick for secret passages
   X  the place where the player starts

o Some things to remember are:

   1.  P is not where the player is placed.  Rather they can act as
       friends that the player must protect.
   2.  M and m are stationary monster statues which can be killed.
   3.  If B is used, it can be thought of as an strange door.
   4.  Make sure there is a scroll in the level.
   5.  Make sure every door has a key.
   6.  The player starts in the upper left hand corner.
   7.  Monsters place themselves randomly.
   8.  Only one start location "X" per level, obviously.
   9.  "W" graphic is the same as a "b" graphic.


o Redefining Graphics:

As a new addition in Scrolls 3.0, is the ability to redefine graphics.
To redefine the player pic for example, you do:

#P0        ; redefine first Player pic
10100101   ; This picture is not interesting...
00000000
00000000
00000000
11111111
11111111
11111111
11111111

The above would redefine the first player pic and since the player animates,
you should redefine #P1 as well, the second player pic.  This works for
all map item types.  However, BStbDk have only "0" pic.  .PMmcsfF have "0"
and "1" pics.  ALL graphics are 8x8!


o $ variables:

    Syntax example:     Comment:
  $T="Hello"            The LVL name in the zshell pick list, 8 chars.
  $S=" Hello World "    The story name, 21 chars.
  $A=" by Nobody "      The authors name, 21 chars.
  $P="  Top player is"  The high score line, 16 chars.

The $S and $A are equivalent to (and replace) the comment line.
No spaces can appear in the expression and the string cannot span multiple
lines, ie the following is INVALID:
               $T = "Hello
                    "
o -R or +R switch:

 -R  Turns off random trees.
 +R  Turns on random trees (default).

Use this switch if you do not want random trees appearing.


o Compiling:

When you are done creating your level, do:

   mklvl  mylevel.lvl  mylevel
   string85  mylevel

And then transfer mylevel.85s to your calc.  Make sure SENGINE is on your
calculator. Now run mylevel as a normal ZShell program.  Please note that
"mylevel" can be any name.


o Disclaimer:

In no event will the author be liable for any damages, including any lost
profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential loss or damages
arising out of the use or of the inability to use this program -- even if
the author has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  The author
will in no event be held liable for direct, indirect, or incidental damages
resulting from the omission of any part of this product, including this
document.  The author makes no warranties, either expressed or implied,
respecting the software, its quality, performance, merchantability, or
fitness for any particular purpose.


o Notice:

A limited license is granted to all users of this program, to make copies
of this program and distribute them to other users, on the following
conditions:

   1.  The program and associated files may not be distributed in a
       modified form.
   2.  No fees are to be collected from the distribution of the program
       without written permission from the author.
   3.  No fees are to be collected for the creation or distribution of
       your LVL programs.


Please distribute your created levels, you can email them to me.  I will
distribute the LVL programs I recieve with the standard distribution.


o How to Register:

You can register this version of this program in several ways.
The lowest numbered items are better ways to register.
    1.  Hire me for a computer science career.
    2.  Send me a postcard saying thank you.
    3.  Send me email saying thank you.

Be sure to email a letter if you like this game.


Most of all, have fun!


