                   Spectre LVL - Spectre
      (c) 1996 by Lawrence J Futhey (lfuthey@d.umn.edu)

Spectre LVL requires SENGINE to play.

o Story:

It is a regretful day as you see the passing of your father into
the after world.  Even though others thought him insane, you had
deep respect for him and his teachings.  Sitting on his bed you
page through his diary which talks of battles with  hordes of
undead creatures.  Strange incantations line the edges of the
pages which even now are crumbling from the age of this tomb.  As
you read over his notes you have a strange feeling coming over you.
You read a passage from his diary.

        ... some say that stakes, silver bullets, and cloves
        of garlic are the way to hold off the evil forces of
        the underworld.  The only thing that I have found to
        work is a good sawed-off shotgun and stick of
        dynamite ...

You continue to read on becoming even more enticed.  What does
this all mean? you think to yourself.  You come across another
passage near the end of the book.

        ... son, I knew you would eventually come to read this
        as every generation eventually does.  It is time that
        you prepare yourself to embark on a quest of great
        peril.  Inside this room a gate, that I have
        created, that leads to the lands I have spoken of.  You
        must take all I have taught you and what you have read
        here, and stop these menaces from entering the world as
        we know it.  It is your destiny ...

You are speachless as a great feeling of understanding comes over
you.  You must make your father proud.  You must defend the
unknowning populace from this evil affliction.

After regaining your thoughts you embark to collect your things.
You return to your fathers room and lift the bed as he had told
you.  You find a vest, a shotgun, and a pile of dynamite neatly
piled there.  Placing the dynamite in your satchel, you load up
the gun and place the protective vest on.

Grabbing the book in your hand you open it to the last page, and
start reciting the incantation.

        li vefo sniog eleht yort sed ...

You are blinded momentarily as a gate opens with a force so great
that it pulls you in.  There is no turning back...

o Description

In Spectre you are the hero, you have entered the underworld and
must clean house.  You are armed to the teeth with a shotgun and lots
of dynamite so don't use them sparingly.

The graves of those who have fallen from grace are popping up everwhere,
do away with them before the creatures of the underworld raise their
corpses.

On each level, save as many souls as you can before the undead gobble
up their existence, after saving as many souls as you can procede to
find the portal to the next layer of the underworld.

o Controls:

Use [2nd] to fire your shotgun; arrows to move; with [8],[6],[1] and [.]
to aim in different directions.  [Cos] will half your score and set your
lives to two. Use [Alpha] to set down a stick of dynamite in front of you.
Press [Exit] twice to quit.  [More] then [Enter] to pause then unpause.

Good Luck!  Please send comments or suggestions to lfuthey@d.umn.edu


